# Overview of the Organization Code and Documentation
If you are viewing this Organization.md in GitHub, [here is this same Organization on the documentation site](Organization.html)

At the solution level, almost everything is found in three solution folders that map to three filesystem subfolders. 
  - *Solution Documentation* contains documents that discuss the demonstrations as a whole
  - *Demos* contains the individual  DemoXX subfolders, and a Documentation folder that discuss aspects common to all Demos*
  - *AutoDoc* subfolder contains resources used by docFx in creating the static documentation web site.

  Also at the solution level is a solution folder called *Solution Items*, which contains the Directory.Build.props file, the top-level ReadMe.md file and three top-level files *docfx.json*, *index.md* and *toc.yml* which are used in creating the static documentation site. After the documentation site is created, a log.txt file is added in the Solution Items, but not to the Git repository, because the .gitignore file specifically notes this file to be ignored.

The static documentation site is part of the repository, found in the subfolder /docs (note that case is significant, use all lower-case letters). The contents of this subfolder is generated by DocFx. Instructions for generating the documentation site can be found under the SolutionDocumentation in the file [Building the Documentation](BuildingDocumentation.html)
  
Contained in the *SolutionDocumentation* subfolder are individual documentation files. They are listed in the *toc.yml* file found in that subfolder.

Contained in the *AutoDoc* subfolder are found DocFx template customizations, *images* subfolder and *svg* subfolder for image and svg files used by the documentation.

Contained in the *Demo* subfolder is a *ReadMe.md* file and a *toc.yml* file. The *ReadMe.md* file here contains most of the documentation that describes what every DemoXX demonstration is intended to teach. 

Below the *Demo* subfolder are individual *DemoXX* solution folders and filesystem subfolders. These hold the code for each demonstration, along with documentation specific to each DemoXX.

In each *DemoXX* subfolder are subfolders for *CommonDTOs*, for *ConsoleApp*, and for *GUI*
 
The *CommonDTOs* project define the classes used to transfer data between the *GUI* and the *ConsoleApp*.

The *ConsoleApp* project defines the .exe program that serves the files needed by the Blazor GUI to the browser, and provides REST endpoints for the GUI to interact with.

The *GUI* project defines the Blazor app.